Update deploying.asciidoc (#7537)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/deploying.asciidoc

<<plugins-inputs-http,HTTP>> input plugins. The data sources enumerated below
are typically ingested through one of these three protocols.

> NOTE: The UDP protocol does not support application-level acknowledgements, so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The TCP and UDP protocols do not support application-level acknowledgements, so
```
